README.md, before:

# AI Wrapped — ChatGPT Wrapped for your prompts

**Live demo:** https://viratnigam18.github.io/ai_wrapped/

Turn your ChatGPT export into a beautiful, private "Wrapped" style story. Upload your `conversations.json` and get slides plus a compact dashboard that shows how you used ChatGPT over time. Everything runs locally in your browser and no data is ever uploaded.

---

## Preview

![preview](./assets/preview.png)  
*(Replace this with a real screenshot from your project)*

---

## Why this exists

Spotify Wrapped shows your music habits in a fun way.  
So the obvious question was: if we can wrap music, why not wrap AI?

AI Wrapped turns your ChatGPT history into a visual story of your prompts, habits and deep dives.

---

## Features

- Upload your `conversations.json` from ChatGPT export  
- Wrapped style slides that tell your AI usage story  
- Stats for:
  - Total prompts  
  - Total conversations  
  - Active days  
  - Words typed  
  - Longest conversation  
  - Most active weekday and hour  
- Dashboard with charts (weekday and hour activity)  
- Keyboard navigation for slides  
- 100% local processing in the browser  

---

## Try it now

No installation needed.  
Open the website in your browser:

👉 **https://viratnigam18.github.io/ai_wrapped/**

---

## How to run locally

```bash
# clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/viratnigam18/ai_wrapped.git
cd ai_wrapped

# open index.html directly OR start a local server
```

If you want a simple local server:

```bash
python -m http.server 8000
# then open http://localhost:8000
```

---

## Project structure

```
ai_wrapped/
│
├── index.html        # main app
├── assets/           # optional screenshots
└── README.md
```

---

## Privacy

- All analysis happens locally in your browser  
- Nothing is uploaded  
- You can even use it offline once the page is loaded  

---

## Support the project

If you find AI Wrapped useful and want to support its development:

Ko fi: https://ko-fi.com/O5O61PZIZF  
Buy Me A Coffee: https://buymeacoffee.com/viratnigam

---

## Roadmap ideas

- Streak tracking  
- Downloadable summary cards  
- Category based insights  
- Light and neon themes  

---

## License

MIT License

---

## Author

**Virat Nigam**  
GitHub: https://github.com/viratnigam18  
Live Demo: https://viratnigam18.github.io/ai_wrapped/

Commit message:

Add copyright and license information
Added copyright notice and license terms to README.

README.md, after:

# AI Wrapped — ChatGPT Wrapped for your prompts

**Live demo:** https://viratnigam18.github.io/ai_wrapped/

Turn your ChatGPT export into a beautiful, private "Wrapped" style story. Upload your `conversations.json` and get slides plus a compact dashboard that shows how you used ChatGPT over time. Everything runs locally in your browser and no data is ever uploaded.

---

## Preview

![preview](./assets/preview.png)  
*(Replace this with a real screenshot from your project)*

---

## Why this exists

Spotify Wrapped shows your music habits in a fun way.  
So the obvious question was: if we can wrap music, why not wrap AI?

AI Wrapped turns your ChatGPT history into a visual story of your prompts, habits and deep dives.

---

## Features

- Upload your `conversations.json` from ChatGPT export  
- Wrapped style slides that tell your AI usage story  
- Stats for:
  - Total prompts  
  - Total conversations  
  - Active days  
  - Words typed  
  - Longest conversation  
  - Most active weekday and hour  
- Dashboard with charts (weekday and hour activity)  
- Keyboard navigation for slides  
- 100% local processing in the browser  

---

## Try it now

No installation needed.  
Open the website in your browser:

👉 **https://viratnigam18.github.io/ai_wrapped/**

---

## How to run locally

```bash
# clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/viratnigam18/ai_wrapped.git
cd ai_wrapped

# open index.html directly OR start a local server
```

If you want a simple local server:

```bash
python -m http.server 8000
# then open http://localhost:8000
```

---

## Project structure

```
ai_wrapped/
│
├── index.html        # main app
├── assets/           # optional screenshots
└── README.md
```

---

## Privacy

- All analysis happens locally in your browser  
- Nothing is uploaded  
- You can even use it offline once the page is loaded  

---

## Support the project

If you find AI Wrapped useful and want to support its development:

Ko fi: https://ko-fi.com/O5O61PZIZF  
Buy Me A Coffee: https://buymeacoffee.com/viratnigam

---

## Roadmap ideas

- Streak tracking  
- Downloadable summary cards  
- Category based insights  
- Light and neon themes  

---

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Virat Nigam

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


---

## Author

**Virat Nigam**  
GitHub: https://github.com/viratnigam18  
Live Demo: https://viratnigam18.github.io/ai_wrapped/
